doc: update docs for 3.2.5 (#29910)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-3.2.5.rst

.. _ncs_release_notes_325:

|NCS| v3.2.5 Release Notes
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products in the nRF52, nRF53, nRF54, nRF70, and nRF91 Series.
The SDK includes open source projects (TF-M, MCUboot, OpenThread, Matter, and the Zephyr RTOS), which are continuously integrated and redistributed with the SDK.

Release notes might refer to "experimental" support for features, which indicates that the feature is incomplete in functionality or verification, and can be expected to change in future releases.
To learn more, see :ref:`software_maturity`.

Highlights
**********

This patch release adds the following changes on top of the :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.4 <ncs_release_notes_324>`, :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.3 <ncs_release_notes_323>`, :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.2 <ncs_release_notes_322>`, :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.1 <ncs_release_notes_321>`, and :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.0 <ncs_release_notes_320>`:

> * nRF54H20:

Reviewer: - Added new Global Software Watchdog functionality for nRF54H20 devices. GSWDT is a software watchdog that uses the nrfs gswdt service to periodically signal the system controller and reset the SoC on timeout.

Author: Added, please check.

> * nRF54H20:

Author: @meijemac @fredrikgk @Rafal-Nordic @shanthanordic : Please confirm the highlights. Please let me know if there is anything else to be added?

* `Modem firmware compatibility matrix for the nRF9151 SoC`_
* `Modem firmware compatibility matrix for the nRF9160 SoC`_

Use the latest version of the `Programmer app`_ of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to update the modem firmware.
See `Programming nRF91 Series DK firmware`_ for instructions.

Modem-related libraries and versions
====================================

.. list-table:: Modem-related libraries and versions
   :widths: 15 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Library name
     - Version information
   * - Modem library
     - `Changelog <Modem library changelog for v3.2.5_>`_
   * - LwM2M carrier library
     - `Changelog <LwM2M carrier library changelog for v3.2.5_>`_

Known issues
************

Known issues are only tracked for the latest official release.
See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v3.2.5`_ for the list of issues valid for the latest release.

.. _ncs_release_notes_325_changelog:

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

Developing with nRF54H Series
=============================

* Added:

  * Support for the Nordic nRF Global Software Watchdog Timer (GSWDT).

>     This feature can be enabled through the Zephyr driver using the ``cpuapp_gswdt`` devicetree node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can enable this feature through the Zephyr driver using the ``cpuapp_gswdt`` devicetree node.
```

* Fixed:

  * An issue where using the LFRC would break the System Controller's monitoring of stalled MRAM transactions.
  * An issue where MCUboot could not recover after resuming from suspend-to-RAM when manifest-based updates were enabled on nRF54H20 devices.

> Zephyr

Author: @rlubos : Please check if the Zephyr updates are correct?

Reviewer 3: Correct

====================================

.. list-table:: Modem-related libraries and versions
   :widths: 15 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Library name
     - Version information
   * - Modem library
     - `Changelog <Modem library changelog for v3.2.5_>`_
   * - LwM2M carrier library
     - `Changelog <LwM2M carrier library changelog for v3.2.5_>`_

Known issues
************

Known issues are only tracked for the latest official release.
See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v3.2.5`_ for the list of issues valid for the latest release.

.. _ncs_release_notes_325_changelog:

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

Developing with nRF54H Series
=============================

* Added:

  * Global Software Watchdog (GSWDT) functionality for nRF54H20 devices.
    You can enable this feature through the Zephyr driver using the ``cpuapp_gswdt`` devicetree node.

* Fixed:

  * An issue where using the LFRC would break the System Controller's monitoring of stalled MRAM transactions.
  * An issue where MCUboot could not recover after resuming from suspend-to-RAM when manifest-based updates were enabled on nRF54H20 devices.

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Security
========  

* Updated:

   * Renamed IronSide Secure Element to IronSide Secure Enclave.
   * |ISE| to version 23.8.0+33.
```

Reviewer 4: @greg-fer to match the same change in the 3.4.0 release notes

Reviewer 4: @richabp after this gets merged: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/30041

Reviewer 4: @richabp new ISE version changelog  to be backported here https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/30045

.. _ncs_release_notes_325:

|NCS| v3.2.5 Release Notes
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products in the nRF52, nRF53, nRF54, nRF70, and nRF91 Series.
The SDK includes open source projects (TF-M, MCUboot, OpenThread, Matter, and the Zephyr RTOS), which are continuously integrated and redistributed with the SDK.

Release notes might refer to "experimental" support for features, which indicates that the feature is incomplete in functionality or verification, and can be expected to change in future releases.
To learn more, see :ref:`software_maturity`.

Highlights
**********

This patch release adds the following changes on top of the :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.4 <ncs_release_notes_324>`, :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.3 <ncs_release_notes_323>`, :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.2 <ncs_release_notes_322>`, :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.1 <ncs_release_notes_321>`, and :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.2.0 <ncs_release_notes_320>`:

> #TODO

Reviewer 5: * Fixed an issue where MCUboot could not recover after resuming from suspend-to-RAM when manifest-based updates were enabled on nRF54H20 devices.

Author: Added, please check.
